I say this ik I'll leave it for tomorrow
let's see this okay Let's see this there's not
much to see this simply that this video has gone
viral This video of a concert I do
n't know if it says
where this video has gone viral a lot
but I don't
know I don't know where it's not a
Bustamante concert but I don't know where and the people
well it's good yeah it's the video
obviously because of David's physical change
host it's that it is He's changed a lot
[Music]
[Applause] uh he's
very well he's always been
very well let's see but uh regarding
the subject this um well let's see It's normal
that you're impressed by the physical change in the
end he's a popular character he's not
a public figure he's someone well known
famous he's also a person who had an
incredible physique my wife
always tells me no that she doesn't find him
handsome and I say to me Bustamante has always seemed
very handsome I mean uh on
Instagram he doesn't see it like that Of course because he
takes the profiles And such But to me
Bustante has always seemed very very
handsome that combed like that very cool like
I like with his  toupees no And also like
that with his with his jaw and his neck
always like always very fit you know
his But well and it's not criticizable that
now he's chubby or I mean I understand that
this is well we don't know Hey maybe he's
going through
some health problem in which he's
taking corticosteroids you know or maybe he doesn't care
I imagine it
will be something like that you know because he's
very conceited And then I imagine it will
be It will be something like that he's surely going through
has a tendency to
gain weight he's always had ups and downs in
weight Yes yes but he's stayed well
after Operation Triumph and
now well he's stopped no and it's like his
Eh Well I don't know the truth but it's what I'm
telling you we can't know
because maybe it's that any thing
that no that we don't know Oh but it reminds me
of Carlos Latre Carlos Latre imitating him
precisely no no Carlos Latre Paco
Porra of course it's that I didn't
know it was him eh surprising but it's that his hair doesn't suit him either this hairstyle that he's done well apart from the weight not in  the evening looked chubby
chubby man
[Music]
[Applause]
Maybe he feels happy like this and he
says look I don't give a damn you understand
But trust you the change eh Look at the
change Maybe it's not that we never
know Eh I thought it was the TR no no maybe maybe
I think it
's because he's very conceited I think
that being better anything and he's maybe
the boy is on medication
for anything no that's why we should never
be judging or talking
about the physicals we're talking about
because it's news it's a little
contradictory what I'm saying
but of course you never know what
a person could be going through and
maybe maybe the boy is having a bad time
okay or maybe he just doesn't
give a damn and he looks like that it's just that he doesn't care
and he's reached a point
in his life where I don't care I
'm happier like that having to be
aware of the grams of the kilos I don't
know what you know I don't know people don't
need to tell you if they are  fat if she's
too thin everyone has their
stories, their problems, you have to let them,
everyone has mirrors at home and when
the time comes for each one if they decide to make
a decision and change and look for their
best version whatever it may be, we have to
respect it because we tend to do harm
for free, everyone has a
mirror at home, don't tell them they've changed, they've
gained weight, if so, tell them how are
you, that's what you have to say to
people and that's it, oops, you to the people.
Sure,
sure. Well, but let's see, the topic has been in the
news, no, the topic has been in the news and it's
eh, obvious that it is commented on.